## What potentially personally identifiable information do you collect?

We collect your ZIP/Postal code from your Amazon.com account (which is why we require you to link your account to Amazon) and use that to create a localization profile for you (using Google's geolocation API to create a latitude & longitude bounds in which your messages will be heard). This information is stored alongside a userId generated by Amazon's Alexa SDK, along with a list of IDs for messages you have recorded and listened to, as well as the most recent message you have recorded, stored in plain text.

## What information do we NOT collect?

We do not store the actual audio message that your Alexa-enabled device has recorded -- All messages are stored as text. Beyond what has been stated above, no other personally-identifiable information is accessed or stored by us.

We recommend that you use caution when submitting messages and avoid submitting any information that may identify you.

## How is the information shared?

We do not share, sell, rent, or trade members’ personal information with third parties for their commercial purposes.

The only times we’ll ever share the limited information that we store is:

*   To assist in the investigation, prevention, or action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.

## How do you respond to legal requests for information?

We won’t hand your data over to anyone unless a court order says we have to. We reject requests from law enforcement when they seek data without a court order.

We will object to requests for information about members of our site that we believe to be improper.

## How is my information stored?

We use an AWS to store all data that is stored and all code that is run in association with this skill.

## How is my information secured?

Data sent between your Amazon account and the AWS DynamoDB database is sent using HTTPS.

Data that lives on our database is not encrypted, and as such, it is strongly recommended to avoid including any personally identifiable information when sending messages

## What is your data retention policy?

When your primary billing address with Amazon changes, the new ZIP/Postal code will be stored and a new localization profile is created. This replaces all previously stored data.

Logging of data processes is stored by AWS

## How do you notify people of changes to this policy?

To stay up to date with any changes related to our Privacy Policy, use GitHub’s watch feature on this skill's [Github repo](https://github.com/dkohlruss/bort) to get notifications for any changes or proposed changes to our Privacy Policy.

## How do I contact you if I have any privacy questions?

Feel free to get in touch with me via Twitter: [@BortAlexa](https://www.twitter.com/BortAlexa) at any time, and I will be happy to respond to any questions
